README.md, before:

# VisibilityPlugin
This plugin controls the visibility of players, pets and chocobos.

## About
Visibility lets you hide those pesky players and their chocobos in hunts and major towns to reduce framerate drops and just give better quality of life.
It also comes with VoidList, which is a better blacklist.

It provides:
* Ability to hide players, pets and chocobos.
* Ability to filter hidden players by party, friends, free company, and dead.
* Ability to filter chocobos and pets by party, friends and free company.

![](https://github.com/sheepgomeh/visibilityplugin/raw/master/res/visibility.png)

## In-game usage
* Type `/pvis` to pull up a GUI for editing active combo replacements.
	* `/pvis help` brings up additional commands if you prefer using commands over GUI.

### VoidList
![](https://github.com/sheepgomeh/visibilityplugin/raw/master/res/voidlist.png)
* Clicking `VoidList` will open up a GUI for adding/removing players from the voidlist.
	* You can manually add players to the voidlist via `/void firstname lastname worldname reason`
	* You can manually add targeted players to the voidlist via `/voidtarget reason`

## Contribution
* You can contribute to the translation over at https://crowdin.com/project/visibility

## Known Issues
* Own player might disapper. If that happens, use the `Refresh` functionality.

Commit message:

Dev (#4)
* Use separate plugin name and allow all territories by default

* Revert build change

* Rename plugin

* Rename project

* Revert "Rename project"

This reverts commit 7f961c2243a05e2bfd0fb2d390ea5e18485306bd.

* Revert "Rename plugin"

This reverts commit ddf927fb87f3d44dd2a4a63f5dde10b2d7966e60.

* Change assembly name

* Automatically update repo.json on release

README.md, after:

# VisibilityPlugin
This plugin controls the visibility of players, pets and chocobos.

## How to use
Add `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/frieren14/VisibilityPlugin/master/repo.json` to custom plugin repositories

## About
Visibility lets you hide those pesky players and their chocobos in hunts and major towns to reduce framerate drops and just give better quality of life.
It also comes with VoidList, which is a better blacklist.

It provides:
* Ability to hide players, pets and chocobos.
* Ability to filter hidden players by party, friends, free company, and dead.
* Ability to filter chocobos and pets by party, friends and free company.

![](https://github.com/sheepgomeh/visibilityplugin/raw/master/res/visibility.png)

## In-game usage
* Type `/pvis` to pull up a GUI for editing active combo replacements.
	* `/pvis help` brings up additional commands if you prefer using commands over GUI.

### VoidList
![](https://github.com/sheepgomeh/visibilityplugin/raw/master/res/voidlist.png)
* Clicking `VoidList` will open up a GUI for adding/removing players from the voidlist.
	* You can manually add players to the voidlist via `/void firstname lastname worldname reason`
	* You can manually add targeted players to the voidlist via `/voidtarget reason`

## Contribution
* You can contribute to the translation over at https://crowdin.com/project/visibility

## Known Issues
* Own player might disapper. If that happens, use the `Refresh` functionality.
